Part 1:

Story1
During my coding bootcamp experience in week 6, we had to create an About Me page built with HTML and CSS in the front end, and Express and Path for the back end server. We then deployed it to Heroku. I was having issues loading my profile picture  onto the site. I realized that there are a couple of workarounds for it: I can use an image address found in Google, I can host my photo in another site and use that image address, or I can fix the bug. I ended up using the image address of a photo of myself that I found in Google. But I also went back and by using the correct path dependency and syntax, I was able to connect the images folder to the back end server to reflect on the deployed site. 


Story2
For my project for my last week in coding bootcamp foundations, I created a loan calculator which allows the user to see how much they would pay monthly depending on their loan amount, interest rate, and months to pay. The calculator was built using HTML, CSS and Javascript. It turned out great, but I wanted to add more. So, I also added a mortgage calculator and mortgage rates widget API from mlcalc.com using Javacript. I have not tried using API on a website before so I was worried on how it might look and it might mess up my code, but I loved how easy it was to use, and how it added value and information to the website. By some simple CSS styling, I was able to format the mortage calculator to look the same as the loan calculator that I have coded. I will definitely be using APIs as needed in future projects because it adds a lot of resources, and sometimes using something that users are already familiar with give a sense of professionalism to the app. 

Draft:
I had a project of creating an interactive webpage by making a simple movie list app in which users can type in a movie and add it onto the list, and by clicking on the ‘x’ button, the user will be able to remove it  from the list. I used HTML, CSS, and Javascript. This is an earlier time during my bootcamp experience, and it was my first time learning different Javascript methods such as creating an element, appending a child to a parent, and adding an event listener. I had a difficult time wrapping my head around the syntax and how it is used. But with more practice and exposure, I am able now able to write functions in Javascript to develop my applications. 